ReleaseNotes: Updated changelog and release notes for 8.1.0-beta1 (#37104)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/release-notes/release-notes-8-1-0-beta1.md

* **Explore:** Correct the functionality of shift-enter shortcut across all uses. [#36600](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/36600), [@ivanahuckova](https://github.com/ivanahuckova)
* **Explore:** Show all dataFrames in data tab in Inspector. [#32161](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/32161), [@ivanahuckova](https://github.com/ivanahuckova)
* **GraphNG:** Fix Tooltip mode 'All' for XYChart. [#31260](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/31260), [@Posnet](https://github.com/Posnet)
* **Loki:** Fix highlight of logs when using filter expressions with backticks. [#36024](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/36024), [@ivanahuckova](https://github.com/ivanahuckova)
* **Modal:** Force modal content to overflow with scroll. [#36754](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/36754), [@ashharrison90](https://github.com/ashharrison90)
* **Plugins:** Ignore symlinked folders when verifying plugin signature. [#34434](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/34434), [@wbrowne](https://github.com/wbrowne)

### Breaking changes

> When parsing Elasticsearch query responses using template variables, each field will now be named after the variable value instead of the name.
> For example, executing a `terms` aggregation on a variable named `$groupBy` that has `@hostname` as a value, the resulting column in the table response will be `@hostname` instead of `$groupBy` Issue [#36035](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/36035)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When parsing Elasticsearch query responses using template variables, each field gets named after the variable value instead of the name.
For example, executing a `terms` aggregation on a variable named `$groupBy` that has `@hostname` as a value, the resulting column in the table response will be `@hostname` instead of `$groupBy` Issue [#36035](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/36035)
```

Azure Monitor data source no longer supports different credentials for Metrics and Logs in existing data sources. To use different credentials for Azure Monitor Logs, create another data source. Issue [#35121](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/35121)

> Existing Azure Metrics Logs queries for Log Analytics Workspaces are be backwards compatible with this change and should not be impacted. Panels will be migrated to use the new resource-centric backend when you first edit and save them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing Azure Metrics Logs queries for Log Analytics Workspaces are be backward compatible with this change and should not be impacted. Panels will be migrated to use the new resource-centric backend when you first edit and save them.
```

> Existing Azure Metrics Logs queries for Log Analytics Workspaces are be backwards compatible with this change and should not be impacted. Panels will be migrated to use the new resource-centric backend when you first edit and save them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing Azure Metrics Logs queries for Log Analytics Workspaces should be backward compatible with this change and should not get impacted. Panels use the new resource-centric backend when you first edit and save them.
```

> Application Insights and Insights Analytics queries are now read-only and cannot be modified. To update Application Insights queries, users can manually recreate them as Metrics queries, and Insights Analytics can be recreated with Logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Insights and Insights Analytics queries are now read-only and cannot be modified. To update Application Insights queries, users can manually recreate them as Metrics queries, and Insights Analytics are recreated with Logs.
```
